<a id="introduction"></a>
ZODB Demo
=============
The ZODB is a graph database written in Python for Python developers.
Just subclass off of class Persistent Object and Persistent Container,
and your Python objects, graphs, and applications become persistent.  

This ZODB Demo is the best way to get started with graph databases in Python.
You start with a working web application which you can then easily
customize to your requirements. 

While the easy-to-use ZodbDemo is quite new, the underlying technologies  have been steadily evolving over the last 20 years.  They are superbly engineered by many very smart people.

USEFUL LINKS
-------------

There is lots of documentation [here](./DOCUMENTATION).

THe installation instructions are in [DOCUMENTATION/INSTALL.md](./DOCUMENTATION/INSTALL.md)


The [Major Interfaces](https://github.com/Cromlech/cromlech.browser/blob/crom/src/cromlech/browser/interfaces.py) are all defined here.  While that may
seem like a simple to understadn page, it took one perosn
a long time to clear up the myrad of concepts generated by the
Zope + Grok committees
and come up with this easy-to-understnd collection of interfaces. 

You can read about
[the security model](./src/cromlech/security/tests/test_secure_component.txt).

You may want to better understand [webob](https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/webob/en/stable/reference.html).

And read the [list of packages](http://trac.dolmen-project.org/wiki/technical-overview)


NOTES
---------

In general Cromlech has great detailed documentation, but it is all hidden
in the doc tests.  So always look for it there.



Demonstrated features
---------------------

  - Encrypted and signed JWT Sessions;
  - Browser components: Layout, Views, Forms and sub components;
  - Publishing using object traversing;
  - Authentication and pluggable security;
  - Internationalization using the Gnu Gettext;
  - Event dispatching;


Documentation
-------------

The technical documentation is within the code itself.
Each part is heavily commented to allow a quick grasp of the purpose
of each piece of software.

You are strongly encouraged to modify and experiment with that demo.


Test coverage
-------------

Every Cromlech package is thoroughly tested.
You can follow the status of each of them on Travis :
https://travis-ci.org/Cromlech
We need volunteers to do the same for the much newer ZodbDemo.